TEAM : StraightManEsthetics

MARKS: 10

WHAT:
    Quora for Facebook Users

POTENTIAL:
    I think, A network is not social anymore as soon as you get concerned about
    your privacy and go “anonymous”, it’s just another forum to post your things.
    You’re trying to cover a lot many things, I would like you to consider why do
    you need to build a new social network, what are the shortcomings of the
    current state of the art which you are trying to address and build just over
    that. If done right, you guys could be the next facebook.


NOTES:
    - Consider again what you want cover in this project. Like you might not need
      to write a chat app, though it sounds cool (and we have already covered
      that in the lab) think in terms of a MVP that portrays your idea of the
      ideal social network.
    - Think about efficient data structures and models to store data. This will
      be really important to make things faster and more “real-time”. Also in
      your case, these structures can explode exponentially and you need to make
      your choices wisely.
    - Like the User Search functionality which you want to build. If you just end
      up querying the database on every “keyup” event it could be really bad with
      1 million users. Data structures can be really critical here. You could use
      something like a “trie” to make user search more efficient and predictive.
    - For the sake of this assignment, I guess it will be really helpful if you
      can skip the user register option (until it's really important). I mean
      there is nothing "fancy" about a signup form and you don't basically learn
      anything new. Consider the login/register functionality works. 

TA Message:
    This is my understanding about the project, you can use this to improve your
    proposal and slides to convey more effectively what you want to present.

Looking forward to meet you guys to discuss this further.

Nishant
PS: I always love beautifully written, maintainable code that follows standard
    coding style guides. The ideal code actually walks you through itself and is
    efficient at the same time.
